Ben: Hi I’m Ben

Matt: I’m Matt Kim, and along with Matt Deppe who will be with us answering questions at the end of presentation, we created LiNK.

Ben: We’re seeking to help families stay up to date with each other and save memories.

Sunday dinners are a time when families can get together and give updates on what’s going on in their lives.

Each of us had similar experiences with our own families.

When talking, we realized that these dinners were actually the most central force in dictating how aware we were about each other’s lives



However, due to siblings moving across country, children growing up, or a variety of other reasons, Sunday dinners are not always possible.

This too became reality for us when we moved away to college.

I distinctly remember going home after my first semester of college and being completely unaware of a lot of big things going on in my family members’ lives.

This wasn’t for lack of trying.

I talk to my parents fairly often but there’s just not enough time to speak with both of them and my siblings every week.

As a result, important topics slip through.

Also, the conversations I have with my family members aren’t just about listing off what's going on in our lives.

But rather, they’re more just normal conversations.

Again, this leaves many important topics unaddressed.


Switching gears for a second: At these sunday dinners, important memories are often shared. Yet, unless written down, they can be forgotten.

So, we wanted examine some ways that people, specifically families, store memories.

Word of mouth, photos, and memorabilia were the first to come to mind.

However, we felt word of mouth lacked reliability, and photos and memorabilia lacked sufficient context.

So, we happened upon the sort of old school practice of scrapbooking.

We liked how photos could be accompanied by text explaining what was going on in the photo


However, we felt that scrapbook captions would often lack depth in their descriptions and would be infrequently updated.

And thus, they might be functional for storing memories over the long term, but are not a solution for relaying those memories to family members in realtime and keeping them updated.


So we thought, why not combine them?

Let’s take the in-depth weekly update aspect of sunday dinners and cross it with the memory saving capabilities of a scrapbook


So, our solution is a platform that encourages regular vlogs or blogs from family members with accompanying pictures, videos,

or any other type of document wanted to be shared and saved


So, to reiterate Link is a platform that encourages regular vlogs or blogs from family members.

Users can attach photos, videos, or documents to posts.

Posts are tagged with relevant descriptors for easy content retrieval

Old posts are sorted and conveniently accessible through search -- including video content.

Media albums are automatically generated from user posts.

Each user would be a part of a family group, but a user could also be a part of more than one family group.

For example, if you’re married you may have one family group be your nuclear family growing up, and another would be your current family unit with wife and kids.
(BETTER from Aronhime, You have your family, and then you marry into another family)

Family members can engage with each other’s posts, through commenting or reacting to it.


Additionally, the platform would be gamified such that families could unlock certain badges for weekly streaks of posts, engagement in each other’s post and ect.


When these posts are combined they would serve to create a “shared family ledger,” much like a timeline.

For now, we’re building an MVP web app but we plan on building out a cross-platform mobile version as well.


We truly believe that families staying connected and storing memories are issues that affect people all over the world; so we have huge potential market.

Although not direct, the closest market analog to compare size is the personal use cloud-storage market which is expected to reach near $200 billion in the next several years.

This is a strong indicator of people’s willingness to pay for similar services and outlines a huge potential market

We’re targeting families that are geographically separated meaning those not living in the same household.

Intuitively, this is the majority of American families because children often only live with their parents for an average of their first 21 years.

After that, they move out and they are living separately from their siblings and parents

We believe that geographically separated families are the ones who have the hardest time keeping up to date with each other due to obvious distance constraints

Also, large families have an inherently more difficult challenge in connecting with everyone because there are just plainly more people.

We count large families as those with 3 or more children, which is slightly less than 30% of American families

We plan to monetize LiNK through a tiered subscription service where families pay for the amount of shared storage they’re using.

Initially, the first 30GB will be free to the user.

This will provide ample storage for a family to get hooked on using the platform.

Once, they exceed the 30GB, they will pay $5.99 a month for up to 100GB of storage.

 And then they will pay an additional $2.50 for every 100GB

We would be paying around $2.20 per 100GB, so we are making the majority of our profits off of the base rate.

Meaning, we’re incentivized to keep users on our platform instead of selling them a lot of storage.

We think this fits with keeping our product consumer oriented

Which will keep more users and attract additional users to our platform, in turning driving more revenue and profit.

These are the most direct competitor we see to our platform:
To address Facebook,
The content that would be shared on our platform may oftentimes be too personal to share with Facebook friends however.

The only place on Facebook where families can share personal information such as this is Facebook Groups as the platform is not extremely personal.

Again, Facebook Groups is not really made or functional for this purpose.

It can be worrisome to have private and meaningful posts juxtaposed by friends’ status updates for those not especially accustomed to the site.

Additionally, the post and information archiving in groups is not sufficient when there’s a lot of content.

As a result, a family history/narrative is not built over time.

Messaging platforms address the privacy aspect we think most people desire for sharing personal information and are very personal; however, they too lack a solid infrastructure for storing messages/information/media overtime.

 Also, they can become inundated with extraneous communication.

Google drive on the other hand is useful for storing memories but retrieving that content, especially photos, is trying and not streamlined.

Also, it isn’t a platform where people will or can regularly engage on, which renders it nonfunctional for keeping family members up to date with each other.

(PUT ICON AT THE TOP)

We believe we have 6 key competitive advantages.

One, Link is a standalone space. This means that there is no content other than posts from family members.

Two, content retrieval.  We have NLP content retrieval from videos, so families never lose a memory.

Three, privacy. No ads equal no data collection.

Four, ease of use. Just join a group and start sharing—as easy as that.

Five, meaningful. Our platform promotes beyond surface level interaction.

Finally, six, habitual. Earning badges for consistently making posts and engaging on the platform helps place our platform in a weekly routine.


Well I think first and foremost for our team, one of our biggest qualifications is that we come from large families and have personally dealt with the issues we’re trying to address.

Besides that, we’re all software engineers with some industry experience.
